wwj's adds at liberty corner calling CQ
the free world and listening
the US Constitution ordains you and me
and every American to be Empire Busters
in us later this morning they quoted to
and Jefferson Kings nobles and priests
to the scaffolds down society we have
three branches Kings meaning government
Empire builders political empowerment
ease Nobles meaning commercial empire
builders New York State electric and gas
priests meeting the religious empire
builders Philly Swaggart Billy Graham
the Pope all seen what am i doing I'm
tapping it the Spile in oh yeah sure
what's you hear is that the maple sap
sign can you hear it can you hear that
song the tomb now somewhere you would
like to taste you might want to put your
finger in there and taste it
that's what it is Erwin owns
approximately 22 acres in what I would
consider a very very volatile area the
Irwin's land regardless is worth a
pretty penny anywhere from as minimal as
two million to probably as much as eight
million now how could anyone destroy
such a beautiful tree especially without
asking my permission erlend very upset
about the widening of somerville road
which went down to his house and you had
to take down some trees it goes along
his property this sound like it's going
through his property is just a bordering
thing so from here I'm back was my
property but they cut all of these trees
of my property here I think as time went
on and he knew that they were going to
go ahead and do it he started writing
these letters and he's always had a
rhetorical flourish and one letter he
said if you take my property I will be
forced to do what my forefathers did it
conquered bridge and everyone knows what
that means but it's not you know exactly
terroristic threats under the law book
told the police chief get off his
property told the touch of engineered to
him nobody knew what he would do I got
called over by our photographer Debbie
Weissman and she said oh you got to come
over here they're finally coming here to
put the sticks in in the Irwin's tossing
them into the street he said this is my
land they have no right to be here I'm
within my rights under the Constitution
and he just calmly walked over and
started picking out the sticks and just
tossing him into the road and then they
just quietly put the handcuffs on him
and he didn't resist and they drove off
with him there was a time when the women
that work of a town hall town clerk and
attention administrator were almost
afraid of him and I would always say oh
I I don't know why you would feel that
way well you know when you read in the
news
about people going in and shooting up a
post office or a town hall or an office
you know when people are disgruntled you
read distance and then you start
internalizing it could it happen here to
me that always has been the name of the
game I guess a lot of people are
frightening there's a tree that's why so
much insurance is so cheap were scared
stiff on the Statue of Liberty as a folk
from Benjamin Franklin when he said
let's see how was it worded those who
would give up liberty for safety deserve
neither liberty nor safety
so I have a book that I give out by the
hundreds and I don't want to give it to
one of you before you leave and there's
a code on the back cover from George
Washington it's about fires government
is not reason is not elephants it is
force like fire is a danger servant and
the fearful master
you